quick easy and tasty are the three most
important components for me when it
comes to cooking because easy obvious
you want it to be few ingredients
quickie yes you want to be able to do it
really fast and tasty obviously you
don't want to have a quickie that
doesn't taste good so this is one of my
favorite go-to recipes if I just want a
snack if I if I need lunch if I'm making
dinner
even if I'm entertaining and it's a
tomato onion basil olive oil and vinegar
salad so similar to a tomato basil
mozzarella salad but mine is the
mozzarella so you have less fat and even
more flavor because of the onion so
you're just gonna take an onion in a
tomato these are leftover from last
night's dinner you don't need very much
as I'm just cooking for me right now and
you cut it however you want to so I like
to do it in in in chunks you can do it
in squares you can do it in really thin
slices so I'm taking that half a tomato
I just cut it into four pieces and then
I'm cutting them all across so it's
eight pieces then the onion it's again
it's exactly how you like to eat it I
personally just like the look of
crescent moons so you can slice it thin
you can chunk it out but I'm gonna do
little crescents not too much so I just
cut two thin slices and then I break
them up so there are like little moons
then you're just gonna put those in the
bowl
and you want the onion to be big enough
so that you can still get that crunch
that appley crunch they're so good for
you and I don't think that people eat
them enough raw but then really you get
a sweet onion like a Maui onion it's
just okay it's not as sweet as an apple
but it's really close
then this is basil from my garden I have
both purple and green basil and you can
either cut it or just tear it I like to
tear it they have slightly different
flavors and I just also like the
different colors it's a tariff couple of
pieces it's to taste again so if you
really love basil do a lot of it and you
can also serve it differently that you
can do it slice it so one piece of
tomato onion basil tomato onion basil
however you want to prepare it and
present it then a little bit of balsamic
vinegar balsamic is so good for you it's
actually been shown to help with weight
loss you know a lot of things have been
shown to help with weight loss you can't
do them all but I try and make sure that
I have at least one fat burning food in
every meal and then this is olive oil as
olive oil is maybe it's good for you as
well and then it's salt and white pepper
so just a little bit of salt because the
salt pulls out the flavors that's the
point of salt it's not so that you eat
food tastes like salt so that you are
able to amplify the flavors and then
white pepper because white pepper has
the same flavor of black pepper but
without that bite you know that attack
on the tongue and it's it's ground
really fine so it's almost like a powder
and it just it has such a beautiful
complex flavor people don't often know
what it is I just think what is that
spicy goodness and it's whatever so
that's it and you can just mix it around
with your hand or with it or if you
prefer and it's such a simple you see
how fast I did that and you can serve it
with chicken you can barbecue and serve
it on the side of the steak or or a
burger or not going just eat it by
itself as a snack so that is your
quickie in the kitchen today